capital = 295

oob = "COG_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

# A colony of Italy in 1939.  However, if independent it would have the same as its 1936 politics
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 95
	monarchist = 5
}


recruit_character = COG_francois_tolenga
recruit_character = COG_lumumba_lomendja
recruit_character = COG_david_manera
recruit_character = COG_joseph_boutet
recruit_character = COG_mabumba_kitanika
recruit_character = COG_divin_nkulu
recruit_character = COG_joel_mukalay
recruit_character = COG_jacob_kalala
recruit_character = COG_joseph_mwamba
recruit_character = COG_anatole_monga
recruit_character = COG_boniface_mutombo
recruit_character = COG_eugene_matondo
recruit_character = COG_anatole_banza
recruit_character = COG_isaie_kazadi
recruit_character = COG_joel_nzuzi
recruit_character = COG_lilian_kabila
recruit_character = COG_noel_kabulo
recruit_character = COG_martial_ilunga
recruit_character = COG_desire_ntumba
recruit_character = COG_alfred_kapinga
recruit_character = COG_isaie_yumba
recruit_character = COG_remi_tshibola
recruit_character = COG_stephane_kasongo
recruit_character = COG_wilfied_mputu
recruit_character = COG_elisee_umba
