capital = 543

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 27
	fascism = 8
	communism = 15
	neutrality = 45
	monarchist = 5
}




recruit_character = MAD_tsiory_rajohson
recruit_character = MAD_ranavalona_iv
recruit_character = MAD_joseph_rajohnson
recruit_character = MAD_tsilavohery_razafimahaleo
recruit_character = MAD_jacques_randimbisoa
recruit_character = MAD_rodolphe_andriamanjato
recruit_character = MAD_emeric_ralefy
recruit_character = MAD_tisbite_manorohanta
recruit_character = MAD_aymeric_botokeky
recruit_character = MAD_lalaina_razanakolana
recruit_character = MAD_fanamby_rakotoarimbelo
recruit_character = MAD_denis_tolia
recruit_character = MAD_aaron_lalanirina
recruit_character = MAD_clovis_ravelonarivo
recruit_character = MAD_killian_rakotomanjato
recruit_character = MAD_ajesaia_rafenomanjato
recruit_character = MAD_zotsara_tolia
recruit_character = MAD_andry_mahazaka
recruit_character = MAD_lucas_randrianekena
recruit_character = MAD_rasoanaivo_randriana
recruit_character = MAD_arsene_mahefarinoro
recruit_character = MAD_colin_razafindrakoto
