capital = 202 #Kiev

oob = "UKR_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchist
	last_election = "1934.3.26"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 10
	communism = 10
	monarchist = 55
	neutrality = 5
}

recruit_character = UKR_pavlo_skoropadskyi
recruit_character = UKR_vitaliy_primakov
recruit_character = UKR_stepan_bandera
recruit_character = UKR_nikita_khrushchev
recruit_character = UKR_kost_levytsky
recruit_character = UKR_tymofij_ponomarenko
recruit_character = UKR_bohdan_oleksyuk
recruit_character = UKR_yaroslav_mykhajlenko
recruit_character = UKR_stepan_levchenko
recruit_character = UKR_adam_oleksyuk
recruit_character = UKR_nazar_polyakov
recruit_character = UKR_taras_sirenko
recruit_character = UKR_semen_zozulya
recruit_character = UKR_borys_hryshko
recruit_character = UKR_sava_koval
recruit_character = UKR_yakiv_pinchuk
recruit_character = UKR_stanislav_savchuk
recruit_character = UKR_yaroslav_dmytruk
recruit_character = UKR_mykhajlo_yarov
recruit_character = UKR_vadim_sych
recruit_character = UKR_artem_honcharuk
recruit_character = UKR_afanasij_shcherbak
recruit_character = UKR_valerij_stepanyuk
recruit_character = UKR_adam_kucher
recruit_character = UKR_feodosij_ishchuk
recruit_character = UKR_leonid_horobets
recruit_character = UKR_stefan_buhaj
